Documentation update (#2)
open-xcm-tools/xcm-js-tools: packages/xcm-types/README.md

## Installation

Before installing `xcm-types` package to your project, you need to setup Yarn 2, due to requirements of the `open-xcm-tools` packages.

### Yarn 2 (Berry) installation

First, set up a global Yarn, which will be used to create local instances:

```bash
npm install -g yarn
```

Then you need to locally change **Yarn** version for your project. In project folder:

```bash
yarn set version berry
```

After this actions you can use **Yarn** as usually (init project, add dependencies, etc.)

### `xcm-types` installation

```bash
yarn add @open-xcm-tools/xcm-types
```

## Usage

> The primary purpose of this package is to utilize the types described within it to execute various tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package's primary purpose is to provide types to facilitate the handling of XCM objects in other packages.
```

> ## Dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Dependencies

None.
```
